---
layout: post
title:  "Wagn is an innovative, card-based wiki"
date:   2017-07-29 23:16:29 +0000
categories: update
---

Wagn helps you organize information into cards.

Cards are Wagn's building blocks. They're like atoms of data that can
be combined and connected to create all kinds of new data structures.

Many web systems have some parallel to cards.  Wordpress has "posts",
Drupal has "nodes", etc.  But Wagn takes the atom idea much further.
For example, if you have a Company card (say Widgets, Inc) that you
want to attach several smaller bits of information (address, logo,
contact person, etc), then each of the smaller bits of information
is also a card.

In contrast, to add microstructure to a Wordpress post, you must create
new custom something-or-others that themselves are not posts. 
The same goes for Drupal nodes. These custom something-or-others can
require custom interface, custom code, and custom database tables,
none of which are familiar to the rest of the system.  A standard
site might have half a dozen modules installed, each with custom
subsystems that have no idea that the others exist.  This makes data
and system integration extremely difficult.

Wagn's deeply atomic approach yields huge benefits.  Since everything
is a card, you can use the same data and interface patterns over and
over again. Everything can be edited in place, without shifting context.
There's just one modules api, one RESTful Web API, and one rule system.
The native query language is designed for querying cards, and the views
system is designed to display them.

(Text from the <a href="http://wagn.org/Features">Wagn site</a>.)

Go to the <a href="/products/#Wagn">Wagn</a> listing.

